README.md, before:

<div align="center" style="text-align: center">
<h1>Wizard-class Programming and Computer Science</h1>
</div>

## Systematic Program Design
Courses | Duration | Effort | Progress
:--: | :--: | :--: | :--:
[How to Code: Simple Data](https://www.edx.org/learn/coding/university-of-british-columbia-how-to-code-simple-data)  | 6 weeks | 10 hours/week | <
[How to Code: Complex Data](https://www.edx.org/learn/coding/university-of-british-columbia-how-to-code-complex-data) | 6 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Class-based Program Design](https://course.ccs.neu.edu/cs2510sp22/index.html) | 12 weeks | 8 hours/week | -
[Programming Languages, Part A](https://www.coursera.org/learn/programming-languages) | 4 weeks | 6 hours/week | -
[Programming Languages, Part B](https://www.coursera.org/learn/programming-languages-part-b) | 4 weeks | 6 hours/week | -
[Programming Languages, Part C](https://www.coursera.org/learn/programming-languages-part-c) | 4 weeks | 6 hours/week | -

## Software Engineering
Courses | Duration | Effort | Progress
:--: | :--: | :--: | :--:
[Object-oriented Design](https://course.ccs.neu.edu/cs3500f19/) | 12 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Software Engineering](https://www.edx.org/learn/software-engineering/university-of-british-columbia-software-engineering-introduction)  | 8 weeks | 10 hours/week | -

## Technologies and Stack
Courses | Duration | Effort | Progress
:--: | :--: | :--: | :--:
[Git](https://learngitbranching.js.org/) and [Missing Semester](https://missing.csail.mit.edu/)  | 2 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Full Stack Open](https://fullstackopen.com/en/) | 12 weeks | 15 hours/week | -

<sub>This section requires **a semester** at least and must be done before graduation.</sub>


<!-- Uncomment when you finish the first two sections above.
## Programming and Systems Cont.
Courses | Duration | Effort | Progress
:--: | :--: | :--:   | :--:
[Structure and Interpretation](https://mitp-content-server.mit.edu/books/content/sectbyfn/books_pres_0/6515/sicp.zip/index.html)  | 24 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Computer Systems: APP3e](https://csapp.cs.cmu.edu/)  | 24 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Algorithms, Part I](https://www.coursera.org/learn/algorithms-part1)  | 6 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Algorithms, Part II](https://www.coursera.org/learn/algorithms-part2)  | 6 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Compilers and Interpreters](https://www.edx.org/learn/computer-science/stanford-university-compilers)  | 10 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Operating Systems](https://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~remzi/OSTEP/)  | 10 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Computer Networking](https://gaia.cs.umass.edu/kurose_ross/online_lectures.htm)  | 8 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Database Systems](https://www.youtube.com/user/CS186Berkeley/videos)  | 8 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Distributed Systems](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/cloud-computing)  | 16 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
-->

Commit message:

Add the what's next section back in

README.md, after:

<div align="center" style="text-align: center">
<h1>Wizard-class Programming and Computer Science</h1>
</div>

## Systematic Program Design
Courses | Duration | Effort | Progress
:--: | :--: | :--: | :--:
[How to Code: Simple Data](https://www.edx.org/learn/coding/university-of-british-columbia-how-to-code-simple-data)  | 6 weeks | 10 hours/week | <
[How to Code: Complex Data](https://www.edx.org/learn/coding/university-of-british-columbia-how-to-code-complex-data) | 6 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Class-based Program Design](https://course.ccs.neu.edu/cs2510sp22/index.html) | 12 weeks | 8 hours/week | -
[Programming Languages, Part A](https://www.coursera.org/learn/programming-languages) | 4 weeks | 6 hours/week | -
[Programming Languages, Part B](https://www.coursera.org/learn/programming-languages-part-b) | 4 weeks | 6 hours/week | -
[Programming Languages, Part C](https://www.coursera.org/learn/programming-languages-part-c) | 4 weeks | 6 hours/week | -

## Software Engineering
Courses | Duration | Effort | Progress
:--: | :--: | :--: | :--:
[Object-oriented Design](https://course.ccs.neu.edu/cs3500f19/) | 12 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Software Engineering](https://www.edx.org/learn/software-engineering/university-of-british-columbia-software-engineering-introduction)  | 8 weeks | 10 hours/week | -

## Technologies and Stack
Courses | Duration | Effort | Progress
:--: | :--: | :--: | :--:
[Git](https://learngitbranching.js.org/) and [Missing Semester](https://missing.csail.mit.edu/)  | 2 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Full Stack Open](https://fullstackopen.com/en/) | 12 weeks | 15 hours/week | -

<sub>This section requires **a semester** at least and must be done before graduation.</sub>

## What's Next?
The possibilities are boundless and overlapping:
- Look for a job as a developer!
- Join a local developer meetup (e.g. via [meetup.com](https://www.meetup.com/)).
- Check out the [readings](extras/readings.md) for classic books you can read that will expand your knowledge.
- Pay attention to emerging technologies in the world of software development.
    - Explore the **actor model** through [Elixir](https://elixir-lang.org/), a new functional programming language for the web based on the battle-tested Erlang Virtual Machine!

<!-- Uncomment when you finish the first two sections above.
## Programming and Systems Cont.
Courses | Duration | Effort | Progress
:--: | :--: | :--:   | :--:
[Structure and Interpretation](https://mitp-content-server.mit.edu/books/content/sectbyfn/books_pres_0/6515/sicp.zip/index.html)  | 24 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Computer Systems: APP3e](https://csapp.cs.cmu.edu/)  | 24 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Algorithms, Part I](https://www.coursera.org/learn/algorithms-part1)  | 6 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Algorithms, Part II](https://www.coursera.org/learn/algorithms-part2)  | 6 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Compilers and Interpreters](https://www.edx.org/learn/computer-science/stanford-university-compilers)  | 10 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Operating Systems](https://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~remzi/OSTEP/)  | 10 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Computer Networking](https://gaia.cs.umass.edu/kurose_ross/online_lectures.htm)  | 8 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Database Systems](https://www.youtube.com/user/CS186Berkeley/videos)  | 8 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
[Distributed Systems](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/cloud-computing)  | 16 weeks | 10 hours/week | -
-->
